Just like with python,
there are lots of bucket and file security options.
We will focus once again
on blocking public access for these buckets
as a way to show some of these features
within the SDK.
So, let's jump back into our application class,
and once again we will create a new method,
public void.
blockPublicAccess.
Start with the try block,
we're going to use the putPublicAccessBlockRequest
and once again when we use our builder
we must send in our bucket.
I'm going to expand this a little bit to make it easier
to do this next section.
We're then going to call
PublicAccessBlockConfiguration,
which is itself a builder,
break this up just a little bit so it's easier to read.
All right, so, we will go through
and we will do all of these values.
So blockPublicAcls.
will be true.
blockPublicPolicy.
ignore will be true.
and restrict.
Will be true.
So now that we've built our request,
the putPublicAccessBlock,
pass our request,
and now add in our catch block,
put that missing semicolon,
we will remove these other methods,
we will call app.blockPublicAccess
and we will do this for our transient bucket.
So, before we execute this,
let's just over to our console,
we're going to refresh the page.
Right, so let's take a look at our fpmlll2
or your equivalent, your transient bucket,
and you'll see right now say it says objects can be public.
So let's jump back in, run our program.
So now that it's done,
we'll go back to our console,
refresh our view,
and now if you'll look at the fpmlll2
or your transient bucket,
you'll see that it says
bucket and objects not public,
which is exactly the provided, rephrase,
which is exactly what we just provided
so it's good to know that that's working.
So you can see that that function works,
which is another benefit again of using the SDK
as we get a lot more options than just using the CLI.